---
title: "15:52 - Weight Loss"
date: 2018-04-06T15:38:58-05:00
---
Yep, I'm a fat ass.  At the time of my divorce 6 1/2 years ago I weighed 500 lbs.  Friggin huge...  3 years later I had ran 5 half-marathons, 4 Tough Mudders, a Spartan Trifecta, and a slew of 5k's and I was down to 314 lbs.  At 6'6" I was just huge, not friggin huge.  Then I got lazy.  I never really enjoyed running.  I suck at it and its so god damned lonely.  Crossfit became my drug of choice.  Which wasn't so bad.  I packed on muscles but maintained my weight, sorta.  Sorta became more and more lost progress.  But I kept telling myself that it was because I was putting on muscles.  And it was a blast.  I had friends to work out with.  It was fun.  Then I really got lazy.  Got in a serious relationship and suddenly had things taking up my time.  No time for working out now I've got obligations.  Etc, etc, etc...  Variations of the same sad song of why people stop exercising and start regaining....  Oh sure, I would get back in the gym for a week or two.  Or I would try running again.  But not today.  I've got to bring the kids to X or Y and Z.  Now I'm back at 443 lbs.  What scared my ass this week into doing this was my new job has me needing to fly out California.  I almost didn't take the damn job when I realized that.  Almost walked away from a possible ~30k bump in pay because I'm ashamed of my size.

So this week is my first week back to a strict ketogenic diet and it suuuuuucccccckkkkksssss...  I caught my fat ass drooling when thinking about Acambaro's pork fajitas.  Next couple of weeks will be food/exercise related.  I feel so ashamed of letting myself get this fat again but at least I know I can undo this loss of progress.  
